Modify ONLY the existing Online Updates/backend system to support the new "LibVersion" field and secure ZIP delivery flow.

Existing routes:

"/online-updates"

- Owner-only management page.

"/api/online-updates/config"

- Public read-only JSON endpoint.

Keep both existing routes and their existing behavior.

Public JSON

Add the required "LibVersion" field to the existing JSON.

The JSON must contain:

{
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "server": true,
  "apk_url": "https://github.com/advikbeats-maker/online-lib/releases/download/v1.0.2/app-release.apk",
  "message": "Version 1.0.1 Update Available.",
  "Server_Response": "Server is currently under maintenance.",
  "LibVersion": "1.0.0"
}

"LibVersion" must be controlled by the existing Owner-only Online Updates page.

The existing public endpoint:

"/api/online-updates/config"

must remain PUBLIC READ-ONLY.

Unauthenticated clients, including the Android app, must be able to GET the JSON.

They must NOT be able to modify the configuration.

Keep the existing no-cache behavior for this endpoint.

Owner Online Updates page

Inside the existing Owner-only "/online-updates" page, add only the required library-update controls.

Owner must be able to:

- Change "LibVersion".
- Upload the library ZIP.

The existing Owner-only access protection must remain unchanged.

Admin and Reseller must not gain access.

Do NOT redesign the existing UI/UX.

Do NOT add unrelated controls or features.

Secure ZIP delivery

Create the additional ZIP download endpoint required by the Android flow.

The ZIP itself must NOT be exposed through the public JSON.

Do NOT put a ZIP URL into the Android application.

Do NOT put the ZIP URL into the public JSON.

The ZIP download endpoint must require the temporary token issued by the existing server-side validation flow.

Required flow:

1. Android has a valid key.
2. Android requests the server-side library authorization.
3. Server validates the existing key.
4. If the key is valid, generate a temporary token.
5. Return the token to the Android app.
6. The token is intended to be temporary and is never stored as persistent client data.
7. Android sends the token to the ZIP endpoint.
8. Server validates the token.
9. Server verifies that the token is associated with the same valid key/request.
10. If valid, provide the ZIP.
11. Immediately revoke/invalidate the token after the ZIP request is accepted/provided.
12. A reused or revoked token must not provide another ZIP.

The ZIP endpoint must not allow unauthenticated downloading.

The public "/api/online-updates/config" endpoint is ONLY for reading configuration and "LibVersion".

Existing system preservation

Do NOT change:

- existing "/connect"
- existing key validation
- existing authentication
- existing token system unless required to implement this exact temporary library-download flow
- existing Neon database logic
- existing Online Updates page design
- existing APK update functionality
- existing JSON fields
- existing ZIP handling logic unless required to connect the new flow

Do NOT add any unrelated features.

Implement only:

1. "LibVersion" in the existing update configuration.
2. Owner control for "LibVersion".
3. Owner ZIP upload/storage using the existing project architecture.
4. Secure temporary token authorization for the ZIP request.
5. Protected ZIP download endpoint.
6. Public read-only access to the configuration JSON.

The final intended flow is:

Owner:
Online Updates → set LibVersion → upload ZIP

Android:
Valid key → read public JSON → compare LibVersion → if server version is higher → obtain temporary token → request ZIP → server validates token → ZIP provided → token immediately revoked → existing ZIP extraction/rename methods continue.