Modify my existing key panel project to add a new Owner-only page called "Online Updates".

IMPORTANT:

- Do NOT redesign the existing UI/UX.
- Do NOT change the existing theme, layout style, sidebar/navigation style, components, colors, typography, spacing, or responsive behavior.
- Reuse the existing UI/UX components and patterns already present in the project.
- Do NOT add any extra features beyond what is explicitly requested below.
- Do NOT modify existing key-management functionality.
- Do NOT modify existing Admin or Reseller functionality except for enforcing that they cannot access this new page.
- Make the smallest, cleanest implementation possible.

1. OWNER-ONLY ACCESS

Create a dedicated Online Updates page that can ONLY be accessed by the Owner role.

The access restriction must be enforced on the backend/server side, not only by hiding the menu item.

Roles:

- Owner → ALLOWED
- Admin → STRICTLY DENIED
- Reseller → STRICTLY DENIED

Requirements:

- Only Owner should see the "Online Updates" navigation item.
- Admin must not see the navigation item.
- Reseller must not see the navigation item.
- Admin must not be able to access the page by manually entering its URL.
- Reseller must not be able to access the page by manually entering its URL.
- Direct API requests to the Online Updates management endpoint must also verify the authenticated user is Owner.
- Never rely only on frontend role checks for security.
- If a non-Owner attempts to access the page or its API, return the project's existing appropriate unauthorized/forbidden behavior.
- Do not expose the page data or update-management API to Admin or Reseller.

2. OWNER SIDEBAR

Inside the existing Owner right-side/menu navigation, add exactly one new navigation item:

Online Updates

Use the existing navigation icon/component/style already used by the project.

Do not add any other navigation items.

The navigation item must only be rendered for Owner.

3. ONLINE UPDATES PAGE

Create a dedicated page:

Online Updates

The page is for managing the application's existing online-update JSON configuration.

Use the existing project's UI/UX patterns. Do not invent a new design system.

The page must provide controls for these existing JSON fields:

{
  "version": "1.0.2",
  "server": true,
  "apk_url": "https://github.com/advikbeats-maker/online-lib/releases/download/v1.0.2/app-release.apk",
  "message": "Version 1.0.2 is now available.",
  "Server_Response": "Server is currently under maintenance."
}

4. REQUIRED CONTROLS

Server Toggle

Provide a toggle/switch for:

server

It must represent the boolean value:

"server": true

Owner must be able to turn it ON/OFF.

Do not create any additional server controls.

Version

Provide an easy version input/control for:

version

Example:

1.0.2

It must save as:

"version": "1.0.2"

Do not add automatic version-generation features or additional version-management features.

APK URL

Provide an input field for:

apk_url

Example:

https://github.com/advikbeats-maker/online-lib/releases/download/v1.0.2/app-release.apk

Save it exactly as:

"apk_url": "..."

Message

Provide an input/textarea using the existing project's appropriate form component for:

message

Example:

Version 1.0.2 is now available.

Save it as:

"message": "Version 1.0.2 is now available."

Server Response

Provide an input/textarea for:

Server_Response

Example:

Server is currently under maintenance.

Save it exactly using the existing JSON key:

"Server_Response": "Server is currently under maintenance."

Do NOT rename it to "server_response".

5. SAVE

Provide the existing project's standard save/update action.

When Owner saves the settings, persist the values so the JSON endpoint returns the latest configuration.

Do not add:

- version history
- rollback
- scheduling
- release management
- upload system
- analytics
- notifications
- extra confirmation systems
- additional settings
- additional fields

Only implement the requested configuration management.

6. JSON ENDPOINT

Create/use the appropriate backend endpoint that returns the configuration as raw JSON.

The endpoint response must have exactly this structure:

{
  "version": "1.0.2",
  "server": true,
  "apk_url": "https://github.com/advikbeats-maker/online-lib/releases/download/v1.0.2/app-release.apk",
  "message": "Version 1.0.2 is now available.",
  "Server_Response": "Server is currently under maintenance."
}

Important:

- Keep the field names exactly as shown.
- Keep "server" as a boolean, NOT a string.
- Keep all other values as strings.
- Do not add unnecessary fields to the public JSON response.
- Do not change the JSON format.

7. PUBLIC UPDATE JSON VS OWNER MANAGEMENT

The JSON endpoint used by the Android application is the update configuration endpoint.

The Owner management page/API is separate from the public Android JSON endpoint.

The Owner management API must require Owner authentication.

The public JSON endpoint should return only the five configuration fields shown above and must not expose Owner/session/database information.

8. NO CDN CACHE FOR UPDATE JSON

The Android update JSON must always return the latest saved configuration.

Do NOT allow Vercel/CDN/browser caching to serve an old configuration.

For the public update JSON response, use appropriate no-cache headers such as:

Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, max-age=0
CDN-Cache-Control: no-store
Vercel-CDN-Cache-Control: no-store

Also disable any framework-level data caching for this dynamic endpoint.

The endpoint must retrieve the latest configuration rather than returning a previously cached JSON response.

This is important because changes to:

server
version
apk_url
message
Server_Response

must be reflected on the next Android request.

Do NOT disable the CDN globally for the entire project. Only make this update configuration endpoint non-cacheable.

9. DATABASE

Use the project's existing database architecture and existing Neon connection.

Do NOT create a second database.

Do NOT replace Neon.

Do NOT modify unrelated tables or existing key-management logic.

Store only the required update configuration using the project's existing database conventions.

If an appropriate existing configuration/settings table already exists, reuse it rather than creating unnecessary duplicate storage.

10. SECURITY

This page is sensitive Owner functionality.

Implement authorization carefully.

Frontend hiding is NOT sufficient.

Every Owner management API/action must independently verify:

authenticated user → role === Owner

Admin and Reseller must receive an authorization failure even if they manually call the endpoint.

Do not trust a role value supplied by the client.

Use the project's existing authenticated session/user identity and existing role system.

Do not expose database credentials, secrets, or privileged environment variables to the browser.

11. EXISTING CODE SAFETY

Before implementing:

- Inspect the existing authentication system.
- Inspect the existing Owner/Admin/Reseller role handling.
- Inspect the existing navigation/sidebar implementation.
- Inspect the existing page routing system.
- Inspect the existing Neon/database access layer.
- Inspect the existing API conventions.
- Inspect existing form/input/button components.
- Reuse the project's existing patterns.

Do not create duplicate authentication or database systems.

Do not rewrite unrelated files.

Do not change existing functionality.

12. FINAL REQUIREMENT

Implement ONLY this feature:

Owner → Online Updates → manage the five-field online update JSON configuration → save to Neon → public JSON endpoint returns the latest configuration without CDN/browser caching.

Nothing else.

After implementation, verify these access cases:

Owner:
✓ Sees Online Updates
✓ Can open Online Updates
✓ Can edit configuration
✓ Can save configuration
✓ Public JSON reflects latest values

Admin:
✗ Does not see Online Updates
✗ Cannot access the page directly
✗ Cannot call the Owner management API

Reseller:
✗ Does not see Online Updates
✗ Cannot access the page directly
✗ Cannot call the Owner management API

Do not add extra features or redesign anything.